Jian Dao
Husband
What are you doing?
Mom just watched me take my medicine,
I'm about to wash the dishes
Then get ready
in a few days
to attend a signing ceremony with me
But husband
Right now I
don't participate in any business activities
This matter
That shameless fat woman
Do you think I want to take you?
The investor this time
is the Chairman of the Li Shi Group,
Li Bei Qīng
He specifically requested
that I invite you
He said he wanted to reminisce about old times with you
Li Bei Qīng
After going abroad
will you forget me?
No, I won't
After I return, I will definitely come find you
It's him
I didn't expect him to become a chairman too
Just in time
I can ask him for help with something
Alright, husband
I'll be there on time
Alright, no problem
I'll go up first
I'm a bit tired
How could
a disgusting pig like her
be allowed to attend the signing ceremony?
Just because she's still
your legal wife
Just because Li Bei Qīng personally invited her
You have to behave
Don't cause a scene
Don't let anything slip tomorrow
Alright, I can't talk right now
I'm hanging up
Revenge
is about to begin